All Japan Volleyball High School Championships open tomorrow
Morioka western who participates as representative of Iwate in spring high valley
Ito Nanoha from Hachimantai Nishinei Junior High School is one of the members
The Ito-san began ballet is the time of the first year of elementary school
Also participated in the national tournament as a member of Chimatsu in Iwate Prefecture when junior high school
It was introduced even in the back Hachimantai
At that time, Ito-san already went on to go to a high school in ballet
I had a clear goal to compete in Spring High Valley
A UBA ass torque
Because of the Katakawa tax
It is not only effective courage aspect
City center
A souvenir Sugadaira
Clearly, such as use
We are arranging teams
But is the first time in two years the 20th contestant to become Morioka west so
The schools participating in the tournament are just strong schools that have won the same qualifications
The speed of spikes or umbrellas and attacks should not have been experienced at the prefectural convention
However, it anywhere in the members to the Valley of themselves even in opponent
The feeling of wanting to put out what has been accumulated for three years does not change
But ie
For personal use as a result of the Festa magnetic force
Have you put out in the form of change
At that time I was told that I wanted to go to the former
My impression is
It is one of
The pattern of the Spring High Valley game is late on January 5
It is scheduled to be broadcast on Menkoi TV. We hope to have a match of the first game breakthrough.
Yeah yeah yeah